doc: wifi: Update memory footprint tables for 2.6 release (#14267)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/protocols/wifi/sap_mode/index.rst

.. _ug_wifi_softap_mode:

SoftAP mode
###########

> The following subpages describe the memory requirements of the SoftAP sample and how an nRF70 Series device operates in :term:`Software-enabled Access Point (SoftAP or SAP)` mode.

Reviewer: I'd say let's make this text more generics, as we are likely going to add more examples with SoftAP mode.

> The following subpages describe the memory requirements of the SoftAP sample and how an nRF70 Series device operates in :term:`Software-enabled Access Point (SoftAP or SAP)` mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following subpages describe how an nRF70 Series device operates in :term:`Software-enabled Access Point (SoftAP or SAP)` mode, along with  the memory requirements of Wi-Fi® applications that use the SoftAP mode.
```
